---
title: "I am the worst"
tags: [ "angry" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-06-19T15:07:14+09:00
draft: false
---

NSFW:

I am the worst kind of person right now.  Today Lin promised to spend
time having sex with me this afternoon and then got caught up with
work.  When I asked her when she would have time she was like *blah
blah blah* litany of things she has to do, i.e. her normal "I'm too
busy" response, which I hear as "I don't want to spend time with you."

Then she got on the phone with her friend and it seemed to go on for
some 15 minutes before I thought "why the fuck does she have time to
chat on the phone?"  I felt angry and went for a walk, so mad and mad
at myself because I want attention.  I came back and she offered
truce, asking if I was upset, using our word "moe joe."

She: "Boof?"

Me: "Boof."

Are you "moe joe?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Well, I just remembered while I was walking that you made a promise
to have sex and then got busy with work."  I should have included that
Lin was talking to her friend on the phone when I left the house to
cool off.

"I am sorry I made a promise, I didn't know this would come up and
what am I supposed to do?" (*)

"Do your work, that is what you are choosing to do."

"You are saying that as if I have a choice," she said.

"Yes, that is exactly what I am saying.  You are making a choice to
work" and I feel angry.

Then she said something like "well now I can't work because you are
angry"

"I don't want to fight about it now if you have to work."

She started to imply she wanted to come solve the anger by not working
on her work.  This pisses me off more because why the fuck would she
want to waste time arguing about who is right while she allegedly has
to work?  I raised my voice and was like, "no, either have a fight
(arguement), do your work, or have sex," which do you want?

She died a little on the inside and said "okay" and went back to her work.

I hate myself right now.

- - -

(*)

In an alternate universe, Lin hears my anger

me: "Well, I just remembered while I was walking that you made a promise
to have sex and then got busy with work."  I should have included that
Lin was talking to her friend on the phone when I left the house to
cool off.

And Lin replies, "yeah, I can understand that is really confusing and
frustrating for you.  I am sorry this work came up, and I thank you
for letting me know you feel angry.  Can I offer you a hug for now and
we can sort it out later?"
