HI M

Thank you for your question about living in Kanagawa!

I hope this information reaches you in time for your interview on Friday.  :-)

Without consideration of the details regarding money and the amount of
living space you require, it sounds like from the tone of your email
that you would love to experience a year+ in Japan.

300,000 yen is enough to live in Tokyo and save probably 60,000 yen
per month.  I'm certain the price of living will be lower in
Atsugi-shi.

I am not familiar with Atsugi-shi in terms of its culture, but I can
see from Google Maps, it's a city quite close to beautiful mountains:

<a href="http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&geocode=&q=%E7%A5%9E%E5%A5%88%E5%B7%9D%E7%9C%8C%E5%8E%9A%E6%9C%A8%E5%B8%82&ie=UTF8&ll=35.456755,139.346466&spn=0.276857,0.55481&t=k&z=11&iwloc=addr&om=1">Google Map of Atsugi, Kanagawa, Japan</a>

(I didn't try to find the exact address of your work location, but I
can if you like (with about 50% chance that I'll get it correct :-) )

--

Now I will write my general stereotype of Japan and foreigners living in Japan.

Basically, I've found Japan to be a racist country.  People who are
not Japanese can never be fully accepted into Japanese culture.

That said, I have been here 4+ years, have a lovely Japanese
girlfriend.  Most foreigners who are here for a while will find their
niche given enough time.

- - -

Japanese culture says that the appearance of something is more
important than its real nature.  As a result of that (and other
factors), it can be really difficult to find out what people *really*
think about any given situation.

However, this allows millions of people to live together in very close
proximity with a minimum of conflict.  (basically zero conflict)

- - -

Foreigners in Japan tend to stay just a brief time ("oh my god get me
out of here!!")  or stay and stay and stay ("just one more year...
just one more year...")

Japan can be a great point from which to base travel in Asia.

- - -

When I first came to Japan, I spoke zero Japanese.  I did have a great
passion for learning it, though that passion has waned to daily
questions, "will I ever seriously learn Japanese?  Do I need it?  Why
keep studying?  Why stop now?"

Japanese is quite a difficult language, for several reasons.  But with
diligence and focus, you can learn a lot in two years.

- - -

A friend of mine who has traveled and lived in *many* countries has
said he likes Japan the least of all.  He says the relationships are
all superficial and meaningless, so he wishes he had never come.

In my personal experience, the most difficult part of living in Japan
was lack of physical and emotional contact.  My imagination of France
is there's ample connection, with people hugging and french kissing
everywhere.  Physical contact in Japan is relatively rare.

In Japan, everything is ordered and has a place.  Once one gets to
know the rules, living in Japan is physically and logistically very
easy.  But I've found it spiritually and psychologically quite
draining.

---------------

I encourage you to take any job outside of France.  Experiencing a new
culture can be a great life experience!

If your choices are only this job in Japan, or a job in France, I
would go for Japan.  If you have job offers in other countries, then I
can't really say, but I might take a different country.

If you lived in Atsugi, we would be living too far from each other to
"hang out," but I would certainly enjoy visiting the mountains near
your new house!  From Atsugi station, it would take 45 minutes one-way
to get to Shibuya (the station nearest where I work)

- - - - -

How's that for a confusing answer????

   :-)

  - Rob!
