---
date: '2021-01-01T22:57:11+09:00'
dream: 'https://robnugen.com'
entry_title: 'dream: audio files stored in a literal tree store'
journal: journal
posttype: journal
published: true
slug: dream-audio-files-stored-in-a-literal-tree-store
title: 'dream: audio files stored in a literal tree store'
---

<p class='dream'>I was recording some answers for a script that had
sets of answers that were similar but they were being recorded in a
different order than the pairs of answers might be listened to so when
we got back to the paired response I realized I wanted to check the
first response otherwise Ani might not think the paired answer made
sense compared to the first answer so I wanted to hear the first
answer played back but the person was already recording my answer and
when I asked to hear the original answer played back they remained
silent because of the recording so I realized I had to listen to my
copy of the recording on my computer so I simply had to find the file
on my hard drive and went through the recording software's strange
interface and made some educated guesses as to where the data could be
and discovered it was being saved on a SD card so I highlighted the
card and tried to listen to the thing but the interface was making a
copy of the card or mounting the card somewhere in the file system so
I clicked okay to mount the copy of the data and then went to figure
out which data to copy and I realized I needed to copy two parts that
were connected with a tree on the ground in a park that I could run up
the trunk of the tree that had branches arcing safely around to the
other trunk which did not have branches so both trunks of the tree
needed to be copied in order to get to this data I ran up the left
branch of the tree between all the arcing branches and into a white
drugstore of different products that all looked clean and in nice
order, and realized the data was recorded into the branches of the
tree and the products on the shelves in a hash order that did not
match alphabetical order so in order to find the particular file I was
searching for in date order I needed to re-sort the files but they
were locked into the branches of the tree and drugstore so I needed to
sort the files in a different order in a different interface so I came
back down to the original SD card to resort the files in date order
because the date information had been lost when the copy was made and
once I sorted them in date order I knew which file I was looking for,
and as I was going to run up the tree the person who I was working
with was wearing a baseball uniform and running around the track
commented that he knew from what I had said before that my file system
was very complicated, but that he respected I was able to find where
things were located even in my complicated system and before he
started to run at full speed he asked me if Carl was still alive and I
was saying thank you to him for recognizing the complexity of my file
system and then I said "oh yes Carl is alive he went to the
convenience store and will be back within about 10 or 15 minutes."</p>
