janettttttteee!!!!                                    07 January 2009

I miss you miss you miss you lots!!  Somehow we've been able to enjoy
ourselves here in podunk Tokyo.  We went to a place called Shibuya and
to a cafe called Denmark because that's where you and Freddo went
while you were here last time.

How's stuff for you?  I'll be heading to a clinical drug trial in
Kagoshima just as Fred leaves, make several dollars and use that to
study Japanese intensively.   Then when my next job search time comes,
I'm gonna apply for jobs here, *and* apply for jobs in Dubai.  Just
because I'm ready for another big change.

Fred and I went to play ultimate frisbee on Sunday, and Ami came to
play too!  Then we went to "weekday" ultimate last night, and it was
much funner than I expected, cause basically when a point is scored,
the other teams picks up the disc *right* there, and begins to play.
More like basketball, so no time is wasted walking back to the other
side of the field, setting up, making plans, hucking the disk, etc
etc.  Instead, we just play!  run!  go!  Whooooo!!!

A few days ago we enjoyed a white elephant gift exchange at my
ultimate friend Genny with a G's house.  We were two Gs at her house,
so she was Genny with three G's, but I didn't think to tell her that
until just now. Ah well.

Today Fred and I are going to Shibuya for a 90 minute dessert buffet
fest, and then roll ourselves to internet access and get back to work.
 He's been working on his PhD, and I've been working on random stuff,
video game, a text adventure, meditation, facebook and email.  I don't
want you to waste more time online, but if you wanted to get a
facebook account, I would be happy to be your friend on there too!

I love you bunches.   I love you bunches of flowers.

    Love Love Love
      - Rob!
